hello you love that nice you again
we turned on today
few things are a combination so we
of course make outfit again
on cd I'll show you what I'm wearing
because that suits her blog article
nothing is sent to you have to
I also linked below and below
while this is my fall trend number
one then the most important i would like
you I am all day listening to know
that camera and not what but what
shall we write it now too
I can not get out what I will not
smarter during the day that is
So far you go that if you already with
then the wrong foot got up then
the day is like a little bit of time and
therefore it does not matter
as we go to the theater on the 12th
november in food and in the piece
Roller coaster with alexandra kamp and me
I wanted to ask you, who of you give
want because there is already a few
with the girls and I thought maybe
are also more out there the renovators
I really want that
and who is the theater now but
unusual
it is also given as towards the
alexander was to meet again i have
who met in the talk show of
swr and that was the people that means
So at least a kind of talk show and
the alexandra had for example on the
state counter we brought now yes
still use regularly and the
i very very much love because i am
days where I did not do any sports
I still knew how to catch it
Not at all that's why I know how many
yes in every day walk with the dog and
you know this is a very modest
great and very interesting person
and therefore keep and maybe
will you come , if so, get in touch
Just go on facebook so we can
know and make an appointment
because we want a few
Pre-order that we on each
case get all places that the
if possible together like that
everything is exactly running look who
break in now
We'll do a small category
public areas there you can
all report and then we discuss that
what did I have but I have to hope that
I'll have a look again and I'll be right there
I would like to frame and make the theater
you also like my evening outfits
I imagine it that way and ask
which you think is best
So then I think so too
sometime in the end of october will
I do better
so that everything goes well otherwise
there's an autumn action there is
one brews the video that 's it
Now I have the outfit offs
because that's the case against women
I can find the earrings on today
especially nice and striking look
I think they are from 6 I know it
not so exactly I have the
partnerlook with my mom and then
we have the chain here which i could
is already often turn
yes i believe this from home and then
I also have a cardigan in one
my dearest autumn have now
moment so rust copper no idea and
is from takko the dress is from i have
I forgot a bit longer
and yes, it just fits that
I would have said my maps fit
not that good, but it does not matter
this is also back as a
Thing
then this belt is look that is
from approx
I also have the pantyhose for you
links the infobox
creation then it's the same again
but I found it is
kind of cute with the hours
then it's easy to wrap up here
they also linked you like that
classic this low so
relatively low and can be
walk well because you see that
are already low off the field anyway
and also have a plateau and the
are the color, although I believe
would say that's also this one
oz ton the moment
and that my outfit on cd and so on
By the way , I have to go gassi there
other shoes if you want the early
the last year
and they are of primark I show you
All this makes the outfit again
a little different so they are then
my shoot for sad because that
also goes well with the outfit and
the ruin i want my good pope
not in the forest and so they are already
a little too big that's why I have there
so fluffy insoles made it so
this works out
that is also my mail anyway if
Buy cheap shoes then you should
you always see that you are still
the correct deposit so reinmuth
Your foot does not suffer when you are
this is a very very overweight
important topic, thank you also
I like your insoles that I really recommend
By the way, can the question also for that
who give them one
that came in relation to yes if you
Do that with the high heels now
you you do not clench world and
I have a special solution for it
not necessarily at gm and indeed
have the most overweight
light switzerland foot that has become
noted I did not have to but
Got me in my physiotherapist
and from where I know that too
Not in any case since I have this
I do not have any deposits
waste more under the foot and that
are
I have not been so hurt
that I stopped there and are gone and
this is not big money easy man
it just has to know and then
use and also exchange because I yes
quite a lot of shoes has the deposits
that means I 'll take it out again
and lie elsewhere at the
closed does that quite well only
the deposits for the open school goes
not because they are glued
Nude knows that's it for today
I hope many of you like to join us
to go to the theater after eating
12 only if master in the field of me
Link this again in the
infobox so you can look around
what it is about and it would be nice if you
also with humor and see you soon and let the
new blog